---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---
## Reflect on Our Group Work
Our recent meetings have seen significant progress on our group project. During our in-person meeting on March 31 and an online session on April 1, our team—Haocheng Lu, Yufeng Xu, Haochen Yang, and Minjun Zhu—reviewed individual contributions from spring break, successfully maintaining a sustainable pace of contributions to Hugging Face repositories. We tackled several issues, including API failures and PR template enhancements, and identified multiple promising issues for future work.
<!--more-->
Moving forward, we aim to enhance our collaboration by better aligning individual contributions and maintaining our steady contribution rate. We are also committed to standardizing PR templates and ensuring thorough issue referencing. We're optimistic about achieving significant results in the weeks ahead.



## Comment on Shivam's Presentation

Shivam shared valuable insights from his work with impactful projects like Linux and Chromium, emphasizing the significance of collaboration, transparency, and continuous learning within the open-source community. His hands-on experiences provided us with real-world examples of how open-source contributions can significantly enhance personal growth and technical proficiency. Shivam’s enthusiasm and dedication were infectious, inspiring our team to explore more deeply the world of open-source software. We appreciate Shivam's valuable perspectives and look forward to future interactions.

