---
layout: post
title: Week 4 
---
## Git Exercise
The git exercise helped me review the basic operations on git, including add, commit, init, status. What's more, I was not very sure about how 'git checkout <branch>' before, but now I know that this operation will switch branch for the repo. 

I also learned something new, which is 'git diff <file1> <file2>', this compares the differences betweem these two files. And 'git log' will show the previous commit history. 

This is a good review exercise for beginner or intermediate user of git.

## Presentation

I didn't attend the presentation section because I was in the career fair, but I looked the slides made by other groups, and here are my thoughts. 

Team 2's extention was vurtual pet, which we initially wanted to do this, but we gave up since we think this can be complex. They made necessary features with neat and concise code, did a really good job.

Team 5's project has a high completeness, and their readme file looks concise, readable and instructive. They also have many useful features like free size of window and can save and load notes. It's impressive that they developed such a useful extension within a week. 

For Team 8, their project is useful for beginners of git. When I was a started using git, I have to google/gpt each command, which is really time consuming. If I have this tool that time, I think It would help alot. 



## Take Away from Our Group Work

I think the biggest take away from my group work is that we have to do(write) something instead of just have thoughts, even have some bugs. In the beginning, we have many thoughts but no one would make the decision like: okay let's do this. So we wasted some tome on that. But once we created the template for the extension, even though we haven'e decided to do what, someone said: let's make a currency converter. After we did some search on that and found the basic logic was easy, we then fully contribute to it. So next time I will try to create the repo and the code template for at first, it would be a good beginning. 
